i am making a trading card game called revolution and rebellation. Unlike other trading card games, the summoned character cards do not directly battle each other. Instead each leader summons up to 3 characters, and can also optionally play on utility special card(sp card) or help card. Then the judges award points to whomevers roster is more impressive.Certains character,leader, special card or help card can affect the characters summoned by the enemy. Powerful , imposing character score better, but a set of characters meeting a specific theme or criteria will earn extra score, kind of like Poker. Each side puts up a team of five leader, which are paired up against the other team in one-on-one contests, and the first team to achieve a certain number of points by winning their rounds is the winner.

Character Card - Character Card can be summoned by Leader Card. Each Card has an "type", and the "type" are important because most leaders can only summon characters of certain "type". You need to match the "type" of the characters to leader that you are using.
Aside from "type", each character has its power, which is a number contributing to your score when you summon it. All other things being equal, the leader with the highest total power of the character they summon is the winner. However, in real game, many factor like different card can affect the total.
Some character also have trail, some card effect will require some criteria of trail to trigger the effect. Some character also have character's effect which will effect the total score and whole gameplay.
 
Leader Card - Each round of a duel in the game, two leader against each other. Their job is to summon characters to achieve the highest power or complete a combo in oder to win the round. Each Leader card has their Zone Compatibility. This limit what "type" of characters that leader can summon to each of their three character zones (top, left , right). For example, if Leader's top_1 = left wing, top_2 = patriot, that means that leader can onlt summon character with "type" patriot or left wing in top Zone. Some leader have top_1 = all , which means they can summon character with any "type" to that zone. Leader card have level, initial point and "type". These values are only relevant to the effects of certain leaders.

Zone - Each Leader have their zone compatibility which affects which characters they can summon to their lef, right and top zones. However, there are two more zones in the game. The first is the Help Card Zone and the other is Special Card Zone. Help Card Zone is used to play Help cards, which are utility cards that can affect the battle in various ways. Unlike monsters, all leaders are able to play all Help cards. The next is special Card zone. Only sp card can be played here which have their own special round after both leader have filled all of their Zone. 

Basic Battle Flow
To start the game, each player's need to prepare a player deck with 40 cards, leader card deck(4 leader card). The deck compose of different character card , help card and special card. We can only use same card twice in same deck. You cannot use same leader card twice in a leader deck.
The first things of every battle is that you need to shuffle both your deck and leader card deck. After both players complete shuffle,both player reveal the first card from leader deck. The leader with higher initial point will become the first player. If their initial point is the same, then decide the first player by random. Next eac player will draw 7 cards from their deck as hand to begin the game. Both player have 1 chance to redraw their hand before the game start. Both players now take turns to play card their main zones. Cards can be played to the three character zone (top,left, right) as well as the help card zone in any order. As characters are summoned, their power is added together with leader effect or other card effect and the total power is calculated. Various effect may cause certain monster to be "guarded", which flips them face down and removes their power from the total. If a player cannot or does not wish to play a card to a certain zone, they can instead push one of their cards to that zone instead, which is played face down and thus doesn't add anything to the total. (when a card is played in face down, it will add any value total, and this card will not contribute to the combo). 
After both summoners have filled all four zones, the SP card round will begins.Both players can choose whether or not to play an SP card. If both players choose to play a sp card, there is a chance that the effect nullified as other. The leader card with higher initial point will takes effect first. Once again tends to make it somewhat an advantage to be slower.
Finally, after the SP round, the total power of the characters is calculated, and we check to see if either leader completed a combo. Based on this , the winner is calculated and victory points are awarded. The game ends when someone reaches 50 victory points. Should a round end in a draw, those victory points are carried over for the next round.
Assuming the duel isn't over yet(no on reaches 50 victory points), we move onto the next pair of leader card in leader deck. Note that both players reain their current hand from the first round. One of the most important aspects of strategy in the game is to think about subsequent rounds as you play each round and hold onto cards that the next leader will need. After all leaders have battled, if the game is still not over. the last leader with highest initial point will win the game.

